we unleashed something powerful we call
her the ghost she could destroy the
world I'd love to help you I'm under
house arrest we'll have your home by
lunch I'm gonna come with you guys
[Applause]
awesome great job back there
Thanks are you gonna say the same thing
to me good job
thank you hi chef how was school today
[Music]
so cranky you know I'm an Avenger now
yes so you've mentioned no I know that I
just want to make sure that these guys
do we unleashed something powerful we
have to stop her if you want to do
something right you make a list we have
to fight ghosts three we're gonna track
down ghosts that seems like she'd be
part of two to a Oh also we have to save
the world that's major we can't forget
that the only chance we've got this
together there is another person I can
take up maybe I'm doing it wrong you
have no idea what I'm capable of
she just wanted to give me a hug wish me
luck really
watch this
sorry I'm messing around
wish I had a suit
even with like minimal powers or maybe
even just a su with no powers yeah
[Music]